unified vllm docker with v0.7.3 (#26)
ROCm/MAD: benchmark/vllm/README.md

accelerator. It includes:

-   ✅ ROCm™ 6.3.1
-   ✅ vLLM 0.7.3
-   ✅ PyTorch 2.7.0 (dev nightly)

> -   ✅ HipblasLT 0.13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   ✅ hipBLASLt 0.13
```

0
```

> ### Advanced features and Known issues 🚨

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced features and known issues 🚨
```

> For the experimental features and known issues of the ROCm optimization efforts on vLLM, please refer to this developer's guide at [ROCm vllm](https://github.com/ROCm/vllm/blob/main/docs/dev-docker/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the experimental features and known issues concerning ROCm optimization efforts on vLLM, see the developer's guide at [ROCm/vLLM](https://github.com/ROCm/vllm/blob/main/docs/dev-docker/README.md).
```
